>> Kyle Simpson: So
there are four rules for
how did this keyword works in JavaScript.
It is not dependent in any way, shape or
form on where the function was written, or
where the function is called from or
any of that stuff.
There is only one thing that determines,
given a this aware function like the one
on line one, foo is this aware
cause it has a this keyword in it.
Given that function,
there's only one way to answer what
is that this keyword gonna point at?
And that is to say,
how was the function called?
Doesn't matter where it was written,
doesn't matter where it was called from.
Doesn't matter what's around it.
The only thing that matters is
how the function was called.
And I'm gonna say that over and
over and over again, the only thing that
matters is how the function was called.
That's counter intuitive,
which is why I have to say,
the only thing that matters is
how the function was called.
In our example here, you'll notice on line
nine, I call the function, it looks like
a plain old normal function call, because
it is a plain old normal function call.
That's one of four actually
different ways for
a function to be called,
just as a plain old normal function call.
And in the set of rules for determining
what do these keyword points at,
this is actually the fourth and
final rule.
So I'm going in reverse order here,
it's the default binding.
Because there's no other rule that
will apply to that call sign,
to that call of that function, the fourth
and final default rule kicks in, and
the default rule says this; if a function
doesn't match any of those other rules,
the default is a non-strict mode default
of this keyword to the global object.
So that's why in this code which is
not strict mode, when we call foo,
it makes to this keyword be the global
object which is why we promote bar1.
Because it looks like
global.bar on line two, and
it finds the global variable
bar from line five,
had this code been in strict mode,
the default stays undefined.
So, we would have basically
tried to do undefined.bar
on line 2 which would
have thrown an error.
So, you ask yourself,
why does strict mode make that an error?
And the answer to that question is,
because it's almost always a mistake
to have a this aware function
that you call like line nine.
You never wanna call a this-aware
function looking like line 9.
And if you do, and it accidentally
points at the global object,
that is almost certainly
a bug in your program.
That you're accidentally referring
indirectly to the global object and
changing or accessing global properties.
Because that's almost certainly a bug or
a problem, that's why they decided to make
it undefined so
it literally threw an error for
you.
>> Kyle Simpson: So the first rule that
we learned, line nine is the default
binding rule, cuz no other rule applies.
It kicks in in non-strict
mode it defaults to global.
In strict mode, defaults to undefined.
The second of our this binding rule says,
if there is a call site,
if the function is called and at
the call site there is a context object.
Like we see on line ten.
I say o2.foo on line ten.
It's the same function.
You'll notice that that
comes to us from line six.
On line six I borrow a reference
to the foo function and
set that reference directly on o2.
By borrowing that reference I can now
make the call site look like line 10,
and I can implicitly say,
call foo in the context of 02.
So, the implicit binding rule
says call the foo function,
set its this keyword equal
to the context object.
So, that's why we get bar 2, and
if I borrow the function again on line 7,
and then call it using that bar load
reference on line 11, we get bar3.
That's the implicit binding rule.
So that's actually two of
our four rules in one slide.
That was pretty easy.
>> Kyle Simpson: Of all four rules,
the most important one for
you to get is this implicit binding rule.
You have to be able to look at
a call site like line 10 or
line 11 and immediately know, that
function is gonna get called whether this
equal to that object that
shows up in front of it.
You just gotta drill that into your brain
because we're gonna use that over and
over and over again the rest of today.